[MUSIC PLAYING]
[TYPING]
[BOING]
[EXPLOSION]
SPEAKER: Remember when
AJAX was a buzzword?
That was around the same
time jQuery appeared
in the web ecosystem.
AJAX meant nothing more than
using XHR to dynamically
load content into your website.
But it turned out that XHR
is a pretty hard API to use,
and jQuery provided
a much simpler AJAX
function that was quickly
adopted by web developers.
Now the web platform
offers fetch,
a promise-based modern
replacement for the old XHR,
with a couple of similarities
to jQuery's AJAX function.
This might not be
news to you, as anyone
who has written a service
worker is probably
familiar with fetch.
But it was jQuery that
showed that XHR was not
a good developer experience.
Fetch is somewhat
newer, at least compared
to the other APIs that
we talked about, and is
supported in all modern
browsers, but not IE 11.
There is, however, a
couple of high fidelity
polyfills out there
for you to use.
[POPPING NOISE]
Man, AJAX.
It's been a while since you
heard that one, isn't it?
Well, if you find this whole
jQuery stuff interesting,
you should subscribe because we
have some more videos coming.
And in the meantime,
you can watch
some other "Supercharged"
videos right here.